Tarot
=====

An automated program to give Tarot readings.


Usage
-----

Run `tarot.py`.


Tips to improve your readings
-----------------------------

### 1. Take a deep breath

Before you run the code, take a few deep breaths. Try to relax your body
and quiet your mind. Allow your thoughts to come and go for a while
without holding on to them.


### 2. Only the question!

Focus for a moment or two on the question you would like to ask, or the
issue you would like some information about, BEFORE you run the code.

The more effectively you can bring a relaxed focus to the issue at hand
and clear other thoughts from your mind, the more insightful and helpful
the reading will be.


### 3. Maintain your focus!

Absent mindedly running the code process will not bring good results.
Focused attention helps to access the synchronicity necessary to gain
maximum value from an automated reading.

Make sure you take enough time to relax and compose yourself before you
begin to select the cards. You will be amazed at the difference it
makes.


### 4. Be specific!

The more specific and focused your question, the more appropriate and
valuable your answer will be. Again, it's a function of synchronicity.

If your question is vague or unformed, how can the cards give you clear
answers or responses? If you approach the cards wanting an answer to a
certain question, yet when you select the cards you are thinking of 50
other unrelated things, the answer you get will often not make sense.

Clarity and a ferocious focus will be reflected back to you by
mind-blowingly insightful readings.


### 5. Read between the lines!

The pre-written text will give you the _feeling_ that each card conveys
when it is selected in a certain position in the spread.

If the literal text does not exactly fit your question or circumstance,
it is usually fairly obvious how you can "read between the lines a
little" and translate the message to suit your personal situation.


### 6. Accept the first reading!

With an automated system like this, it's very tempting to immediately
repeat a reading if the answer you got was either not what you wanted to
hear, apparently inaccurate or a bit confusing.

Don't! As long as you have followed the previous tips regarding clarity
and focus, the first reading will always be the most appropriate.


### 7. Beware of overuse!

Consulting the cards many times a day, day after day, is completely self
defeating, as repeating a reading too soon for the same question will
usually create more confusion, not more clarity.

A good rule of thumb: Until the circumstances surrounding your question
have changed, don't ask again!


### 8. This is not an exact science!

There are no absolutes in Tarot.

Use the readings as a kind of mirror - a way for you to examine a
reflection of your life, thoughts and emotions at any given moment in
time.

Making critical life decisions based _entirely_ on an automated tarot
reading would probably not be a good idea.


### 9. Don't fear the "negative" cards!

Some of the cards in the tarot deck are quite challenging to receive in
a reading, however, don't fear them, they are simply a reflection of
current influences and often have a positive side to them..

Seek understanding, even when the outlook seems bleak. This is where the
true value of tarot lies - _Nosce te ipsum._
